and how much did
they give 5 and a half What year
did they give it This was So it
turns out 3 years ago and you served 2 years and
went to war and that's how it was
you you went to war so as not to sit
in prison or because you hate
Ukrainians I hate Ukrainians  I told you
Oh hello hello
wounded that's how it was And where were
you wounded And what is so interesting to you what is your name Yes ok My name is
Martin My name is Martin I am from the city of
Tallinn Estonia I communicate with Ukrainians and
Russians about the war as they see it
Now where are you from
I am from the Far East city of
Birabidzhan My name is Vanya Russian
Vanka Russian Vanya from Birabidzhan so
Russian Vanya from Arzhan Tell me how you
ended up in the war And what was there where it
was torn off nothing was torn off the face
scratched
the neck And where where
where where should I tell you the direction Well
Kursk region Yes where No no Kursk
region Lugansk region Lugansk region
and there something is going on like they said that
Luhansk region already everything is not there
Liman direction This is from Luhansk
still enough this is when it
was This was 4 months
ago Cool And what happened
drone
drone did it hit you or the car it
turns out I just don't know car in
car in the bag ba And how many of you are on the bag
one was driving on ba
two and what about the
partner everything is fine so concussion
oshi Well at least you were lucky at least you survived And you
are lying next to each other
And you say otsh as if there is
some kind of group or whatever it is
called there Now he will cover you here 4
months will be thrown
and you will delay your term not only because of
me alone on the front line nothing has
changed right I don't know I will restore I will
return
Cool hand over And for what I am
interested And for what did you go from Birabidzhan
to war in
Ukraine I hate them because these
Ukrainians
and what about them  they did it to you I talked to them
normal people and I talked to them
abnormal people Well look you lived in
Birobidzhan Why did you take  and
people came to Ukraine Well, I just
answered you to this Well, how was it, tell
me, you were sitting at work, then you decided,
Let me go, I wasn't sitting at work, but you, And
in what zone was I sitting, and I realized what I
was sitting for
228 I  I don't know what
hemp is, do you know what it is, I heard that it's
a narcotic, yes, drugs, you were the one
selling it
or you yourself, you bastard, you used it and they said
you were
selling it,
no, saving,
using, storing, using,
purchasing, Yes, yeah, and how much did they give you,
5 and a half? What year did
they give you that?  it was So 3 years
ago it turns out you served 2 years and
went to war and that
's how it was you went to war to avoid
sitting in prison or because you
hate Ukrainians I hate Ukrainians I
told you only A good A because of what
I'm just wondering, you're a simple guy, a
hemp grower from Birabidzhan, yes, about the Jewish
Autonomous Region. Why did you suddenly start
hating Ukrainians? I can't
understand. Since 2014, what else
did they do to you?  in the fourteenth year of the flight
when we had a complete Jewish woman, a refugee
servant, in general, from Donbass,
completely, that is, in the
Donbass, not exactly full, but enough, there
were a lot of refugees, a
lot, so how many of them
were there, approximately, what can I tell you, in the entire Jewish woman,
how many of them were there? Well, yes, how many Jewish
autonomous regions  I would know I don't know among
your friends how many of them were
there I didn't know any of them
I just saw these families who
suffered and told How it was there and
with tears in their eyes they said all this
you know where did they go where did they
go now they live there  Well, whoever
submitted certificates, someone went back. Yeah. And from
which cities did they flee to your
Jewish Autonomous Region. Yes, from
Donbass completely, I didn’t know
there either the city or the Luhansk or Donetsk
Republic. I didn’t know what cities there were. I
knew that Donbass was just coming.
War What happened What
happened in
Donbass they were shelled well wait
Donbass it was Ukraine yes yes
it was never Ukraine what are you not
Ukraine Well  Donetsk is Ukraine was like that, oh well, President Yanukovych from Donetsk was from Ukraine And why didn't the people of Lugansk and Donetsk want to be with Ukraine then? Why I don't know, is this the first time you've come up with something? I'll come up with something. Yes, what did I come up with? Well, I look I'm from Estonia Yes I was in Ukraine I was in Donetsk I have friends I was in 1930 VM in M ​​and in STM I came my friends in Donetsk they still live I have friends in Kyiv and Donetsk and it's fine there everything was calm what was there the accounts of the year there fourteenth year yes everything is calm in general people went to school all Yes I was I was in the sixteenth year you probably went somewhere there to another place probably no Donetsk Donetsk I have a nephew there is a school in the city of Donetsk on the street artma you type in the internet and see how many houses were shot at there how many how many were there how many were killed there how many families were killed there Well, just type in
there like that there Russia shelled
Donetsk Oleya Angelov you know
I have an aunt there an aunt she is a teacher at their
school at their school a Russian missile
flew in and killed a girl at school a
Russian missile in the year how to believe I do
n't believe you that who Well look who was
there were Ukrainians at Donetsk airport
who bombed Donetsk
airport I don't know about that Well look if there
were Ukrainians at Donetsk airport then
who bombed Donetsk
airport for Ukrainians
who who who Russia that is Russia
fought in Donetsk in 2014 So
you are simply attributing it to the airport
got it,
but not in the fourteenth year, Russia
bombed the airport with Ukrainians,
so it pounded, that is, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia
killed people in Donbass, Russia fought,
Since what
year, Yes, and it turns out, Well, look, it wasn't the people of
Donetsk, Lugansk, but Russia that did it, yes, Well, it
turns out that way, And what are they  they
did it in Lugansk and Donetsk That's exactly it
what did Russia do in Lugansk and
Donetsk Explain to me what in the
fourteenth year people lived normally
Russia came refugees started
shelling started Do you understand that it's just that
with your
brain everything is fine everything is not everything is fine not
everything is great but you would like it to be so no so
that it was not  everything is
fine I am
satisfied with everything Well, and your analysis Well, I
have spent a lot of attention on all yours on me and so your analyses Here are some
about the war My analyses about the war
finally look finally attached Trump
because Biden he was he was afraid
tough Ultimatum to Russia to put
because he is old all Trump Well done
Trump he said Yes I will put Putin
Ultimatum I will put Ultimatum So
you heard it directly Well what did he say
in the interview Yes interview Fox
New Trump said interview Fox New Yes he
said I will put in the first
inauguration day I
will give Putin an ultimatum to withdraw from
Ukraine if not Ukraine will be given
tomahawks with permission to strike  on the
territory of the Russian Federation Well, we're
still waiting for the twentieth of
the twentieth, yes Well, we're still waiting for the twentieth, and
after the twentieth I would like to
see you here Of course I would like for you to
go to
Kobzon after the twentieth I see People like you think
for yourself  as they say, they
dig a hole for someone else and they themselves will bark in it,
you should be sitting in your Birobidzhan, smoking
your weed, yes, or kinto in your
zone, yes, but you decided to
take the sin from people in
Ukraine and that's why you will be there until the end of
your days. Although
you of course don't have such at all look there are there
are certain social
elements to which it makes no sense to read morals
tell something about
bogan it makes no sense only
liquid
only of course everything is in your hands
no one is
stopping you and we are all such Russian
liquids So  you're not Russian you're from the
Jewish Autonomous Region you're not
Russian and so on Well you're from Birabidzhan you're
Jewish it
turns out well my roots are Russian
What roots Show me your root Well I have
me grandma Yes, a Jew, the root is
obre, and my grandfather is Russian Grandma is Jewish, everything
Grandma is Jewish, you are not Russian No, you are not
Russian, and my grandfather is from Russia, you are not
Russian, and Jews are counted by their grandmothers, you are
not Russian, you are a
Jew I consider myself ru, as it were,
there is also  but they
consider themselves Russians Russian is right as well as And you, a
Russian Jew,
understood at least something, you understood, I understood,
yes, that you are a Russian
Jew
Yes Listen, Since what
age have you been using Wait Yes, and what in
your plan is what is Well, you
smoked cannabis and what does it
mean Well, isn't it a
drug Well, firstly, it's the weakest
Well, a drug is a drug and secondly, it
was in the
past but still, you are in the past
forever, simply and only Yes, with
reasoning, well, there is such a thing It's you  already do
not Cross out this biography of yours do not
Cross out Well, okay, let it be so you would like
So let it be so Well, what
else can you tell me and now tell me
how do you feel about Putin
in general, just in
general, just do not even know, just
undermines And the question how so Paul
it's so exciting How is it that
under How is it that under
Putin's rule you live in such poverty in but
he has
boots what where poverty Where in your
Bene
you were in Khabarovsk in Moscow in
Birobidzhan were you were you were walking the streets
in the metro were you were in
there is no metro birabidzhan in Khabarovsk wait you
were in Birobidzhan in
Metro I didn't tell you about the metro in
Birobidzhan I'm telling you in general in go
question were you somewhere abroad Besides
Russia
how can you
compare me VS suits Well why are you
living in  I didn't go to Birobidzhan to see
how they live in Tokyo or how they live in
Beijing I was in China I'm telling you
where you were in China
what did you do there in the
city did you buy things there And this is a
border city yes
it's a port city Yes Well I get it that is
you only  came to the market and left
yes Well, as I immediately understood for a week
Well, and I went there many times I understood I
understood yes it
will brew How old are you
Generally
how old are 29  you look older than
me I'm 43
Wait Stop 29 Listen, how old were you when you
smoked cannabis? Yes, I smoked it for only a year
and you were arrested in a year,
yes And why did you? How old were you when you
started smoking it? Probably 177 years old
[applause]
Probably so if
B7 to  nineteen now you Yeah
now he's 20 what 20 uh something Yes
and 5 years ago he was tied up in short let him
not talk so look No this don't
feel any emotions of anger And so
on it's just simple yes uh this is such
absolute evil Yes this is absolute evil  uh
you can't convince him you can't change his mind
one radio liquidation then yes that is
whatever you say these are people
who
like yes Just like in the movies Yes they
come out with their teeth to tear something up And
so on Yes such an absolute  Yes, the
quintessence of evil, so I understand that
when you watch this video, there you are, damn,
just keep your cool, yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah  nothing will happen from your evil
Absolutely Yes You will only
destroy and torture your relatives and
take it out on your friends and colleagues Yes
look at them as if they were something like this you know
uh universal evil that simply has to
be cold-blooded
uh let's say
annihilate comment
letter on my Telegram right now axis VN
apok  this is very and very important YouTube is busy
with us through scarg or in your ban and very
many videos I do not show to people sometimes I do not
show information about streams That is
why we Mali operational connection pp
right now and while there in telegra okrim
video is also
interesting and useful  information and we will oblige
you with constant operational
links
independently in that will show you about this
YouTube Glory to Ukraine
subscribe N